Hello, I'll tell you about my PhD work, about measuring of Leggett frequency
  in the B-phase of superfluid 3He in aerogel.

Excuse me for my bad english. I hav no speaking practice for a long time.
  Feel free to ask any quastion at any moment.

First I remember some facts about superfluid 3He. 3He is an isotope of
  helium and it stays liquid down to the absolute zero temperature.
  3He atoms are fermions, at about 1 mk they makes cooper pairs and
  superfluid transition occur.

Cooper pairs have non-zero spin and non-zero orbital moment. This
  leads to rather complicated properties of 3He. For example
  order parameter of superfluid transition is a complex matrix 3 by 3.
  It describes relationship between spin and orbit spaces of cooper pairs.

3He is a pure substance. No other substance can be solved in 3He at
  such temperatires. It is very convenient for experimens. In most cases
  experimental results are in a good agreement with the theory of 3He.

It is also interesting to study impure 3He. The only way to do this is to  
  put 3He into aerogel. Aerogel consists of silicon oxide strands with
  dyameter 30-50 angstrem. Distanse between strends is about 1000
  angstrem. It is so-called 98-percent aerogel. Strends occupy only
  2 percent of volume. The great part of 3He in aerogel experiments was run
  with 98% aerogel. Dyameter of aerogel strands is less then superfluid 3He
  coherence length. Aerogel can be treated as homogenious impurity.

====

Here is a photo of aerogel sample in a quartz tube. It is rather fragile
  transparent substance with very light weight.

====

Here is phase diagram of 3He without aerogel. There is solid phase and
  two superfluid phases, A and B. These phases have different type of
  order parameter. I'll talk about B-phase.

====

When we put 3He into aerogel phase dyagram changes. Superfluid transition
  shifts to lower tempreture. There are alsow two phases, but for a long
  time it was not known how theese phases corresponds to phases of bulk 3He.
  What type of order parameter they have.